README.md, before:

# todomvc-expanded
Expanded todomvc with login, signup and drag and drop

Simple todoMVC app build with Vue.js, originally forked from [testing-workshop-cypress](https://github.com/cypress-io/testing-workshop-cypress). I expanded the appliaction and added a couple of features.

## Start up instructions

1. Clone the repo
2. cd into testing-lists
3. run `npm i`
4. run `npm start`
5. Go to localhost:3000 to ensure application is running
6. open a new terminal 
7. cd into testing-lists folder
8. run `npx cypress open`
9. Look at the BDD scenarios in the .feature files within the cypress folder
10. Go to the corresponding spec.js file and write the test definitions for the scenarios

## Features
### drag & drop
Reorder todos in list.
TBD: make sure the reorder keeps it’s state after refresh 🙂
![Drag and drop](/img/dragndrop.gif "Drag and drop")

### signup page
Signup page with ability to send a real welcome email. Using [sendmail](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sendmail) to do that. Signups are stored in data.json, in plain text. So, yeah.
![Signup](/img/signup.png "Signup")

### login page
Works with previously signed up emails. Server returns an auth cookie in form of auth=true, LOL 😆
![Login](/img/login.png "Login")

## api
Backend is a json-server on a static json file. Middleware handles couple of cases. Some of these are:

### POST /reset
Deletes all todos and all accounts, that were created on signup page.

### DELETE /todos
Deletes all todos

### DELETE /accounts
Deletes all accounts, created on signup page

## Installation
1. `npm i`
2. `npm start`

App runs on localhost:3000 by default.

Commit message:

added link for vscode plugin

README.md, after:

# todomvc-expanded
Expanded todomvc with login, signup and drag and drop

Simple todoMVC app build with Vue.js, originally forked from [testing-workshop-cypress](https://github.com/cypress-io/testing-workshop-cypress). I expanded the appliaction and added a couple of features.

## Start up instructions

1. Clone the repo
2. cd into testing-lists
3. run `npm i`
4. run `npm start`
5. Go to localhost:3000 to ensure application is running
6. open a new terminal 
7. cd into testing-lists folder
8. run `npx cypress open`
9. Look at the BDD scenarios in the .feature files within the cypress folder
10. Go to the corresponding spec.js file and write the test definitions for the scenarios
11. (Optional) install the vscode plugin for cucumber (Given when... scenarios) https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alexkrechik.cucumberautocomplete

## Features
### drag & drop
Reorder todos in list.
TBD: make sure the reorder keeps it’s state after refresh 🙂
![Drag and drop](/img/dragndrop.gif "Drag and drop")

### signup page
Signup page with ability to send a real welcome email. Using [sendmail](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sendmail) to do that. Signups are stored in data.json, in plain text. So, yeah.
![Signup](/img/signup.png "Signup")

### login page
Works with previously signed up emails. Server returns an auth cookie in form of auth=true, LOL 😆
![Login](/img/login.png "Login")

## api
Backend is a json-server on a static json file. Middleware handles couple of cases. Some of these are:

### POST /reset
Deletes all todos and all accounts, that were created on signup page.

### DELETE /todos
Deletes all todos

### DELETE /accounts
Deletes all accounts, created on signup page

## Installation
1. `npm i`
2. `npm start`

App runs on localhost:3000 by default.
